To understand how the growth
engine works and to be able to
manage growth in the
startup, we must be able to answer
four questions and also we
must be able to know and use the
metrics that give us a permanent
answer to how much each
customer generates, how much
it costs us to capture each
customer, how much we earn
with each customer and in
how long we will recover
the investment we make in
capturing it.
We'll go question by question and
we'll go learning what the most
important metrics that inform
us about this are.
The first is how much it costs us,
how much a customer generates us.
The most important metrics you have
to know very well, which probably already
sounds to you, is the customer lifetime
value, which is the acronym for
the value of the customer throughout
their life.
That is, what informs us is how much
a customer will generate during the
time it is a customer of average
and how it is measured.
There are different ways to measure
it depending on the different
business models.
Let's think of a model, for
example, Netflix.
The customer lifetime value is
calculated from another very important
metric that is the ARPU, would
be the customer lifetime, what a
customer generates throughout his
life is equal to the average income
that this customer generates
for a period of time.
We think of a month by the lifetime,
that is, by the average number
of months throughout the customer's
life.
Therefore, as you can see, we have
used another metric, which is the ARPU,
which is the average revenue per
user, the income per user or per
average customer.
We'll think of Netflix, as I said.
Netflix has three plans, which would
be Netflix's monthly ARPU, would
be a weighted average between the
prices of each of the plans by
the number of customers that
is hosted to each plan.
Imagine it is 10 euros.
What is the customer lifetime
value of Netflix?
How much does Netflix get
for each customer you have
in your lifetime?
The average monthly amount of 10 euros
is multiplied by the average monthly
amount of 10 months.
How many months
on Netflix?
I don't know, probably they
haven't even been able to measure
it yet, because they don't
have enough time to measure it.
But let's say it's 60 months.
The customer lifetime value
on Netflix is 600 euros.
It is a very important fact, because depending
on what you will get from each customer
throughout their life you will
be able to invest more or less
in capturing it.
We'll think about a gym.
How do we calculate the customer
lifetime value?
Well, because it is very simple.
If the gym fee is 50 euros per
month, what you have to do
is multiply that fee by the
average months.
How many years is a customer
in a gym?
And what they have to do is analyze
their data and say, well, because on
average it is three and a half years.
The number of months must be
multiplied by 50 euros per month.
But of course, not all are like
that.
In fact, let's think now about a
business, for example, like Hawkers.
The glasses of teeth.
It makes no sense to calculate the ARPU,
because it is not a subscription
model, but in this case what we would
do would be How much do we
get with each of the glasses?
What is the average price?
I don't know, 40 euros.
I do not know.
How many glasses does
a person buy in a lifetime?
What is the repetition?
The customer lifetime value
is estimated.
A Hawkers customer buys four,
six, ten, twelve, twenty
glasses in their lifetime.
I do not know.
Well, because that's how you calculate
what you'll get from that customer throughout
your life.
The second of the levers or answers
is How much does it cost to
capture each customer?
And the very important metric is the
CAC, and is the customer's purchase
cost.
This metric is easy to calculate.
Just as the customer lifetime
value is an estimate, in this
case it is simpler.
Why is it?
Because what you do is sum up what
you have spent on marketing, on
sales, over a period of time that
is sufficiently representative,
the past year, for example, and
divide it between the number
of customers you have captured.
You know how much it
costs to get each customer.
So far very simple.
Now let us see.
We already have information to know
how much we earn from each of our customers.
And how do we do it?
We are going to get what we
get from the customer throughout
his life less the cost of
capture, less what we cost to capture him.
And it is very simple.
The customer lifetime value
or lifetime value must be
higher than the customer's
purchase cost.
It is very obvious, what happens is that
it doesn't always happen.
And there are times when
it is more difficult
than it is.
It is often said that this
has to be a balance.
That is, if your customer lifetime
value is very high, you can invest
more in capturing your customers,
but it always has to be
superior.
That's why it's sometimes drawn like
a scale because you can play with it.
If you can, for example,
increase prices or cross-sale
or increase the repetition or
retention of your customers, etc.,
and you are able to get more money,
have more money your customers,
imagine a competitor, what you
can do at that time is to play
with that balance and be more
permissive, invest more in
the cost of customer acquisition
looking for less efficiency,
for example, which will
allow you to win market
share to your customer.
Your competitor is the most
suited.
As I said, it is a balance.
In addition, this balance varies in
time because there are times in the
launch or before reaching the breakeven,
to the dead point, it is given in
many cases that the cost of customer
acquisition, that the cost of
customer acquisition is greater
than the lifetime value.
At that point, as you put here,
you are in a zone of death,
the breakeven has not yet been reached.
You have to optimize
both so that it gets
older.
In many cases, this equation is
put forward as such, not as a
rest, but what is done is calculated
how many times the amount you
get from a customer is greater
than what you cost to
capture it.
And it depends, there are bars
or there are standards depending
on the sectors, but it is usually used,
it is usually said or many investors
consider that at least it has to
be three times higher.
What you get over a customer's
lifetime must be at least
three times more than what
you cost to catch it.
And the last of the perspectives, now
that we already know how much we
get from a customer, how much it costs
us to capture it, how much we
earn for the customer.
The last of the prospects is, in how
long we recover that investment
that we make in capturing the customer,
because it is also important.
You think that if it costs you 12 months
to recover what you invest in the
acquisition of that customer, you
will have to finance the
growth during those 12 months, you
will need a lot of money.
But if it is almost immediate,
then the opposite.
This metric is given by the
payback, the payback of the customer
acquisition cost.
And it also depends, obviously, on
the customer, what you have from
the customer and when you get it,
compared to the cost of acquisition.
I will give you two examples,
of business models and
income models.
Think about your lottery.
Your lottery catches customers,
which costs you x to catch it,
and you get the customer level
you get as that customer
becomes a recurring player
and buys their lottery bets
every week.
So you invest today in
capturing a client and recovering
it over a few months,
as that player plays.
The margin of each of those
games you make, or of the bets.
Payback is a few
months.
I will not give the data.
However, there are other models, and
I will compare it to you, for example,
with The Power MBA, in which you invest.
We invest in capturing customers
through different channels.
It is X to get a customer.
But the benefit in this case, relative
to the other model, is that the customer
lifetime value, which you get
throughout the customer's life,
is not distributed.
There are two payment methods, but
on the payment that is not postponed,
it is not distributed over time.
But you get it from the beginning.
Therefore, the payback, the time period
in which you recover that investment,
is much shorter.
This is a benefit to the other
model.
The shorter the time period
in which you recover that investment,
well, because you have to finance,
you have to contribute
less money to finance that growth.
Or, with the same money, what
you can do is grow faster.